Citrine v0.4.1 is released! (#119)
CitrineInformatics/citrine-python: docs/source/workflows/index.rst

After a given number of iterations, candidates are ranked according to their score and the best materials are returned.
(Here, the best materials are those that are most likely to optimize an objective and satisfy a set of constraints.)

> Design workflows are further parameterized by :doc:`Scores <scores>`, which codify experimental objectives, constraints on desired candidates, and strategies for candidate acquisition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Design workflows are further parameterized by :doc:`Scores <scores>`, which codify experimental objectives and constraints on desired candidates, and define the strategy for candidate acquisition.
```
